c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\logolayer2excompsoundfad.mp4
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\media\logolayer2excompsoundfad.mp4
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\ChatClient.exe.config
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\ChatClient.exe
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\ChatClient.pdb
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\ChattingInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\mysql.data.entity.EF6.dll
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\PasswordHash.dll
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\ChattingInterfaces.pdb
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatWPFClient.baml
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\UserMenu.baml
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatWPFClient.g.cs
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\UserMenu.g.cs
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient_Content.g.cs
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient.g.resources
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient.exe
c:\Users\KOEMXE\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ChatApplication\ChatClient\obj\Debug\ChatClient.pdb
